---
title: "Letters and Frisbee"
date: 1996-05-31
location: MTC
template: post
---

Today went by as any normal P-day. My Mitarbeiter and I woke up and put our laundry in at 6:15, then came back and did service. After service we finished our laundry and got ready to go to the temple. I had a neat session. I think it was because I was able to stay awake and alert. After the temple, Elder R and I got our discussions bound and I bought some stickers and colored pencils for Charity, for her birthday. After all that we came back home and I tried to write letters. I wrote one to the family, T, M, (S,B,T,J), C and R. It took me forever. I'm not a quick letter writer. I told M to tell all the girls to write me and quick, because my Mitarbeiter wants to see how many letters I can get from chicks. I doubt I'll even get one from M. That would make my day. It's weird about her. Since A started hanging around with MV people and I didn't see her all that much the past year, my feelings about her switched over to M. It's dumb of me to even think like that. I don't even want to. I want to study on the work.

Well, enough feelings. The thing I like most about heute was Sportstünde. I played frisbee with Elders G and V. It was awesome. I did a lot of running, jumping and diving. My goal for that time was to catch a frisbee in the air while I was diving. And I did it! The other trick I wanted to do was bounce the frisbee off my head and catch it. I did that too! All in all, it was a fantastic Sportstünde and a terrific day. Best of all, when I dove for a catch I missed and rolled through muddy water.