---
title: "Time to eat FRY BREAD!"
date: 1996-06-23
location: Halberstadt
template: post
---

First of all, it was tough getting up at 6:00 when I went to bed at 23:30. Church went well. There was quite a bit more members today. I met a good bunch of them. The little eating session afterwards went OK. I missed half of it because I was getting everything ready for fry bread. I finally just brought out what was ready. It was funny to see the looks on everybody's faces when they saw the beans. It was hilarious. They had never seen a mess of beans like that before. I had brought down about 10 fry bread and they all got eaten, so they weren't that big of a flop. The only thing is, now we have 15 fry breads and a half a pot of beans still. The other Elders think that's grand. I guess it is, but to me the bread is dry and gross, only because I'm used to the best. Oh well! We, the Ward, then made a little outing to Spiegelsburg. We just had a little fun out there, playing fußball, teetertotter, and what not. As I was playing kick the ball with the other Elders and a couple of members, I noticed Elder C and B were alone again. I wish they wouldn't do that! So I stopped playing, no heartbreak for me because we were just kicking the ball around, and I went and sat by B and Elder C. Soon after we all, the whole group, decided it was time to go, so we did. We, the Elders, had to walk home. No big deal though, we walk all day, every day, anyhow. Well, when we got home I started cleaning up the mess in the kitchen. I had just finished pouring the oil into the bottles when I was called down to practice sing the song for U's birthday. That all went fine.

After that, B went Tür zu Tür with Elder C and me. We got one appointment, and some guy yelled at us a whole bunch, and made us leave his section of apartments. After Tür zu Tür, we talked in front of our house for a while. I'm as much to blame for that one as anyone. I wish we wouldn't do that! We'll have to work on that.

We had the other Elders over for a fry bread while we did "numbers," then I tried to clean the kitchen some more. I didn't even get the dishes done. Oh well. Then I went to bed.

    Before the mission, I worked at a little cafe that made fry bread. It was sooo good. I made some for this ward party. It was difficult to find the exact ingredients I needed, so the dough didn't turn out the best. But I was very excited to share my love for and talent of making fry bread with Germans.