---
title: ""
date: 1996-06-27
location: Halberstadt
template: post
---

Today went pretty well, I thought. We kept pretty busy, so now, at the end of the day, I'm tired. this morning went pretty well. I still fell asleep a lot while reading the scriptures. Today I read the first few chapters in John. I started in John because I have a paper that shows different things about the four writers of Christ. Like it shows who they wrote for, form of writing, what characteristics they portray of Christ. I picked John because the paper says John writes to the members of the church, and I picked it for a few other reasons. I also did a little language study.

We got out a little late because of me, and headed out to find Otto-Spielmann Str. The street I picked out to do TzT (Tür zu Tür - door to door). We walked the way we usually do, and checked to see if T was home. He wasn't of course. As we were talking to a lady close by T's place (also across the street from B's) Elder C noticed that he didn't have his Namensschild (name tag). So we came all the way back home, which was really OK, because we didn't know where Q.-S. Str was anyhow. Well, we got to the street and there weren't any houses that people lived in. Just factory buildings. At the end of the street was the place we were working on yesterday. So we just started finishing up those buildings. We got let in by only one lady. We spoke to her for a while, and she asked if she could come to Church on Sunday. Hopefully she will come, and hopefully feel the Spirit nice and strong so she'll know the Church is true, or at least will want to take the discussions.

We got home for lunch about 13:30. I made some [Knödel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kn%C3%B6del). Potato like stuff that is boiled in water. It tasted pretty good. WE'll have that again someday.

After an hour and a half lunch break, we headed over to Am Sommerbad to see if we couldn't get some more Termin's, and so that we would be in the Nahe (vicinity) for our appointment with Herr K. He, of course, wasn't there. We waited for about 10 minutes. While we were there, a guy went in. I think it was Herr K, but I'm not sure, I forgot what he looked like. We rang his bell again, but no luck. We did a few more doors until it was time to go to U's birthday party. We were only 30 minutes late, but it didn't matter. Nobody was waiting on us, just like a social meeting. There was food, too. I had my first grease pudding. It tasted pretty good, for grease. We stayed there for quite a while, just shooting the breeze. The song we practiced went all right. We started out too low, so Bruder J and I couldn't sing bass. There was no piano to start off from, so we didn't get the right note. It still sounded good. We all had to walk home because there is no bus or straßenbahn (street car) that runs that late.

The weather is looking like it will rain soon. I kind of home it does. I kind of hope it doesn't, because I've got no jacket or coat to speak of. I can borrow Elder C's, though. So I guess I hope it rains.


    I didn't realize, until today, June 27, 2026, that grease pudding is actually [Grieß, or semolina, pudding](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semolina_pudding). It's basically cream of wheat. Made from semolina flour, which is made from durum wheat, which is the wheat most used for pasta. Semolina flour is not as fine as regular wheat flout. It is what is commercially used on pizza peels/pans (as opposed to cornmeal). So that's why it tastes good. It's not grease!