---
title: "A quadruple weird day"
date: 1996-06-20
location: Halberstadt
template: post
---

Today was the weirdest day I've had so far. Most of the time was not weird, but unnormal. First off, we had breakfast at B's, so that Elder C could help her finish her forms to be a nanny. We were there until 13:00. After that I bought some powdered milk. 7.48DM for 250g.

After Mittagsessen we went to Nordweg and Südweg Straße to do Tür zu Tür. We almost gave out a Book of Mormon, but the guy didn't like the style, so we gave him a two minute brochure. Then after that we met a guy that was carrying about ten beers into his garage. He told us to come in, and grabbed us some chairs. There was three other people there. We spoke with them for about 45 minutes. It was weird. The guy smoked and talked the whole time.

I forgot to mention the man we met on the wat to Tür zu Tür. The other missionaries call him Braun Mantel Man because he always wears a brown overcoat. He didn't have it with him today, but he did have his shirt inside out. He spoke to us on the street for an hour. Notice how I say he spoke to us. He was talking to us about stuff that a normal member doesn't even know. Stuff like God's name is Elohim, Christ's name is Jehovah, they live on Kolob, and the arch angel Michael became Adam the first man. He was weird. Too bad he's not a member with all the things he already knows.

After Tür zu Tür, and we found out Herr S wouldn't be there again, we decided to check up on some old contacts in the neighborhood. Just as we had finished up and were going to catch the bus, a kid started yelling at us. He was telling us to give him our money. He just kept yelling at us, like he expected we would. We told him we didn't have any, so he stole our pens. I didn't care about my pen because it was just an old Bic, but Elder C's was a nice one he had received from an investigator that got baptized. So he was a little upset. But all we did was just walk away. We ended up not taking the bus home, but walked instead, the whole time talking about the could'ves and would'ves and should'ves.

Then as we were passing the Club House, we met a drunk lady and as schwul man. The lady asked us if we believe in God, and kept on saying she was going to kill herself. She was really nuts. She even was hitting on Elder C and tried to kiss him and hug him. She was totally verrückt. 

So al in all, the day was very eventful, and ont one bit normal. I hope nothing like any of that will happen again for a long while.