---
title: "QUARK!"
date: 1996-06-30
location: Halberstadt
template: post
---

Today was what is becoming a normal day. Church and everything went fine. After Church, us missionaries had an eating appointment with Schwester B and Schwester M at Schwester B's. It was good eating. Potatoes and half a chicken a piece. I was forced to eat another quarter of a chicken. I about puked. Everything was good though. Except for the zucchini salad. It tasted like the rind of a watermelon. I don't see why anyone would want to eat that stuff. AFter that we tried to do street contacting, but there wasn't too many people out. So we ended up coming home. Elder C had to listen to a message on the answering machine about our Termin that fell out. We were on our way out and B happened to be on her way in. So, like always, B and Elder C talked forever. We were finally on our way to do Tür zu Tür, then B suggested we visit an active member that hadn't been to Church in the past two weeks. We did that and made a detour to see B's new house. After visiting we tried to do street contacting in the Fußgängerzone, but that didn't work too well, so we came home and made [Quark](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quark_(dairy_product)).

I think we are spending way too much time just the three of us. To me, that's not the way it should be. I think B and Elder C are getting too close. I wish I knew what to do.

    Quark! My favorite German dairy treat. Their ice cream is not as good. We made quark with a tub of quark, a packet of vanilla sugar (vanilla flavored sugar in a small packet), whipping cream and topped with fruit. So yummy. 