---
title: "A big surprise"
date: 1996-05-08
location: MTC
template: post
---

Heute war ein gutes Tage. We had a big surprise today. Elder G came back. We had been told, gestern, that Elder G was coming back on Donnerstag. But I had forgotten all about it all together. So when I saw him, it was a great big surprise. He is in a tritt now with Elder R and me. It'll take some getting used to, but I think it'll work out all right. I still get the feeling that all the Elders, except Elder V and I, are flirting way too much. To me it seems like they think the MTC is just a school, like a college. Where everything that is OK there is OK here. But I don't think that way the MTC is way different. I feel that they don't treat this place or the time we have with enough respect. It's probably just me, though. I'll keep on doing what I know is right, and won't bug the others unless they're doing something really wrong. It won't matter, though, what I do. They always talk about showing respect for others, but I don't feel that I have any. My words of caution or whatever have no meaning to them. I feel as if I am an outcast. Like nobody really truly likes me. But I won't let it get me down. I'm here to serve the Lord the best I know how, not do what they think is right, or what they think is OK. Sometimes, not often, I just can't wait to get out of here because of the way my district acts. I only hope it is better in the field. I just have to keep on plugging along and not let the little things bug me. I'll live with ti, but I don't have to like it.