---
title: "It was totally awesome"
date: 1996-05-01
location: MTC
template: post
---

Sister D taught us this afternoon, and it was AWESOME. The Sisters had left for some reason so it was just the Elders and her. She asked us each why we came on a mission. We couldn't give her a canned answer either. I think I was able to finally express my feelings well. We all felt the Spirit so strongly, it was awesome. Sister D also was telling us how important it is to have the Spirit. The language doesn't matter and neither do the skills. The only way the investigator is going to believe is if they can feel the Spirit. She told us about a missionary who had all the discussions down pat, the skills perfect as well as the language. He was smooth. His companion couldn't speak well at all. When the (skilled) missionary asked the 'gator to be baptized he said yes, but not because the missionary was smooth, but because he could feel the love of his companion for him. The missionary's words had nothing to do with it. The 'gator said if a church teaches to love people like that he wants to be a part of it. So the skill and words have nothing to do with it, it's all the SPIRIT.

So then when we, Elder R and I, taught the 2nd discussion to Elder S, we did well, because we had the SPIRIT. I figured out that you ask questions, let them find out the answers instead of me just reading out of the booklet. It was a totally awesome experience. I hope all of our discussions go that well.

The time is flying by. It's been three weeks already. Only five more to go. I still have a whole TON of stuff to learn.