---
title: "The GENERAL brings order"
date: 1996-04-29
location: MTC
template: post
---

## Monday

Today went well. I think it was because we didn't learn any German today. In all three classes we did Spiritual things. We had a LGM this morning also. It was all about getting the member's participation in teaching and finding new investigators. The whole day seemed to stress how important members are to missionary work. We had Sister D for our afternoon teacher. She is so awesome. We're trying to get her for our evening teacher since we don't have one. We'd have the awesomest line  up of teacher if we could get her. In the morning we have Brother S. He's a great German teacher. He also does will in the Spiritual department. Bro. C is our afternoon teacher. He is about the awesomest at bringing the Spirit into our class. I like him and Bro. S a lot. We did have Bro. K for our evening teacher, but he got a job with the FBI for the summer, so he won't be our teacher anymore. But he was cool when he was our teacher. Like I said before, hopefully we'll get Sister D as our evening teacher. We haven't met the guy who is supposed to be. The GENERAL was our teacher again tonight. It seemed a lot better tonight. I don't think I would mind all that much if he became our evening teacher. It would set some order to our district. We tend not to mess around in his class. I think it would balance all the messing around that we do in all the other classes. Also today we did follow-up from the first discussion from last week. Elder R and I did terrible. At least I thought so. We'll get better though. Elder S and his band and Elder M leave tomorrow. 