---
title: "Cookies"
date: 1996-06-04
location: MTC
template: post
---

Today went alright! My prayer that my sore throat would go away was answered. It went away, straight to my nose and head. I've got so much mucus in my head it feels like it will explode. But my throat doesn't hurt.

We had TRC again today. It was pretty awesome. Considering Elder R and I both felt sick. Our first one was an older lady. We were doing a follow up visit, after the first discussion. We were playing the new missionaries in the area. The first one, the older lady, was kind of tough. We didn't really get all of her concerns out so that we could help her resolve them. We did alright though.

The second one was awesome. We had decided to work on finding and resolving concerns. The second was a younger lady, supposedly she had a 15 year old kid. Well anyhow, the second went a lot smoother. We almost didn't find out her concern. We were going to read a chapter when she said she had a question. But then she said to go ahead and read. Elder R, great guy, said we would much rather talk about her question.

Her concern was why Isaiah was put so much in the Book of Mormon. Not really a big concern, but fun to talk about. With a few good find out questions, we found out that she had read the whole BoM in one week. It was amazing. I think we pretty much resolved her concern, we could have don better. Thinking back, we should have asked her if what we talked about helped her solve her concern. I think it worked out O.K. She was an awesome "golden" investigator.

I missed the Fireside tonight. It was probably the best one ever. Elder G stayed with me.

Oh yeah, I almost forgot. We had splits today. We taught and were taught the second discussion auf Deutsch. It was really awesome, especially when we were teaching. It was Elders R, G and I teaching Elders W and J. Elder W shared some awesome feelings. It was really neato.

Also cool for today. Elder G got his box of cookies. Not as big as the first one was, but still cookies.