---
title: "Two discussions in one day! Kind of..."
date: 1996-06-28
location: Halberstadt
template: post
---

I dare say, today went all right. We did a little street contacting after Distriktsversammlung (district meeting), then had lunch, and then left for Quedlinburg. We did Tür zu Tür on the street I had picked out before. I was surprised; there were actually houses on that street. We talked to a lady that didn't have time, but said to come back at 19:00. So we finished off that street and visited Schwester N. She's been a member for 2 years but isn't active anymore. We read Alma 7 with her. I bore my testimony about Christ; I hope she felt the Spirit, and will want to become active again. After that we stopped by Familie K to make sure we could still teach R there tomorrow. Then we elft a note by R as a reminder.

After all that we stopped by a contact. She's a Fräulein, probably 17 or so. We talked with her for half an hour. Actually, Elder C did, he gave her a quick 1st discussion. It was weird, because she doesn't believe in God, and doesn't really want to find out, but she took a Book of Mormon and will read it, and call us when she want another visit. Then we started on our way to our 19:00 Termin. We both ad to go to the bathroom, so we stopped by the B's, they lived right there, and we used their bathroom. Then we went to our Termin.

That was really unusual. For some reason she thought we wanted to talk about Germany and the people and stuff. When we told her we wanted to talk about the Gospel, she gasped. We still had a discussion, but it was nothing what either of us were expecting. She of course didn't believe in God also, but she had no desire to find out about the truth. Oh well, something new every day!