---
title: "A weird feeling"
date: 1996-06-10
location: MTC
template: post
---

Today was quite weird. I awoke at 2:40am and helped the Sisters with their luggage. Then at 5am we did the same with Elder J. We then came back and slept until 9:00. Needless to say, we didn't go to morning class. Elder R and I were the only ones from our district who went to afternoon class. We went to Bro. J new district. It was a good review. Then for evening class we all went except Elders G and V, but only for an hour.

I've been feeling really weird all day today. I think partially because the day was not a normal day, and because I'll be leaving in one day. Also, and maybe the biggest reason, I got a letter from B. Not just a letter, but a package. It was a shoebox full of cookies and a letter. The letter said a bunch of stuff. Like she says she is my girlfriend and wants to be, and stuff like that. I don't know what to think. We used to talk like that a few times, but just jokingly. I think it's just the same way. Reading it, though, just made me feel all funny. I think I'll treat it the way I did before. Ignore it. Maybe I'll write her to tell her what's up, or ask her what's up. I don't know what to think. It would be awesome if it were so, but I don't think it is.

Also the Westwood journals got sent to Pres. B. I'm going to talk to him tomorrow and see if I can't get them back. Elder J said he was just going to send them home. Hopefully I'll get them and be able to write a little something in them. Oh well!