---
title: "Sick and tired"
date: 1996-05-10
location: MTC
template: post
---

Today was a cool P-Day for a while. We did our laundry and then our service project as normal. Then for the excitement of the week; I got to go to the mall. I'm really glad I did. My pants were just way too tight. The lady that helped me out was amazed that I was sold such tight pants. She's having the blue ones taken out as far as they can and my one gray pair that I'm not wearing is being taken out 1 1/2". Now they'll be real loose and wearable. We had an hour to be at the mall, and it only took 20 minutes to get my pants all worked out, so my companion, an elderly ward missionary whose sole purpose is to take missionaries to the mall and health center, just walked around and talked until the van was supposed to come back. Of course the van was late getting back, but that was OK because an Elder had broken his ankle playing basketball so our driver had to take him to the health clinic. Anyhow, I got back before the district was complete with their session at the temple, so I waited in the front lobby of the MTC. I was there for about an hour before they came back, then we went straight to lunch. 

Now the weird thing was that I felt perfectly fine up until I got up to go to lunch. Then all of a sudden I felt real sick. Kind of like the flue. I ate about half a sandwich then came back to our room. I had received a letter from A and C, but I didn't feel good enough to even read them. I got home about 1:30 and slept until dinnertime, about 4:00. I went to dinner because I thought I might start feeling better, but I didn't. Elder J was feeling a little sick also, so he and I came back together and slept until 6:00. Then Elder R and G checked up on us and wanted to know if Elder J still wanted to go to the rest of class. He didn't, so we both slept until 7:00. 

A funny little aside here. Elder R had asked Elder J to come into my room so we would be together. Well, he was half asleep and half undressed, so he didn't think to bring a key and his door was locked. So at 7;00 we thought he would have to walk to our Kulturstunde in his bare feet and ohne eine Krawatte. We had just decided to go and stepped out of my room, when Elders R, K and V came out of their room. So Elder J was able to get dressed before we left. Well, even though we still felt terrible we went anyhow. I'm glad I did because it was awesome. We got home from that after 9:30 and I promptly went to bed again, and didn't wake up until morning.