---
title: "It's the doing that gets things done"
date: 1996-06-02
location: MTC
template: post
---

Today was fast Sunday. Quite a bit of things occurred today. None really all that important. One thing potentially dangerous was the news that three Elders will be moving in with Elder R, G and me. That means I'm down to one bed, one closet, and no room. I think it sucks! At least it's only for a week. There are only 10 days left until I get to the real mission part! I'm kind of ready, but I can't wait to go.

I'm happy with myself today. I set a goal that I would memorize at least half of the second Hauptgedanke today. And I did! I figured I need to memorize four paragraphs a day to be able to have the whole first discussion memorized before I leave. Realistically, I don't think I can do that. I at least want to get to the fourth Hauptgedanke.

I'm not speaking as much German as I should. Especially on Sundays and P-Days. Back to the Hauptgedankes, though, I'm so mad that I didn't start memorizing the discussions from the first day. That will be another goal for me to do, to tell everyone I know that is going on a mission to start memorizing the discussions. First in English if they are not here at the MTC, or if they are, then to start memorizing in their language. I wish I would have. So much for wishing, it's the doing that gets things done.


    Fortunately, missionaries don't memorize a prescribed set of instructions anymore. Instead they learn the Gospel and teach it as needed.