---
title: "The Awesomest Missionaries"
date: 1996-04-30
location: MTC
template: post
---

Elder M is gone. Our substitute PM teacher was nice and she let us go outside to see Elder M off. He and a few others just loaded up in a va and then off the went to the airport. Elder M is an awesome missionary. His testimony is like a mountain, but unshakable. He'll be awesome in Hamburg. Hopefully I'll be able to see him a few times, at least, while in Hamburg mission. It would be totally awesome if we could be companions. I would finally understand anything he would like to say. And I'd be able to reply auf Deutsch.

Elder S and his district left this morning also, at 3:00am. He was the most awesomest Elder I have yet to meet. He set such a great example. He was AP the whole time he was here that I was also. Rather, he was AP when I got here. Anyhow, he was always happy and always greeted everyone. He also shared his great testimony with us often. He will be a great man in the Church one of these days. He would also tell us that we were awesome and that he loved us. He truly followed Christ's life. He and Elder M are two more people I can lok up to for examples on how to live happy and righteously. I hope I can live up to the examples of all these great men that I have as role models and heroes. Most of all I hope and pray to be able to live as my greatest hero did, perfectly. Christ is my ultimate example and friend. I love him tons, and he loves me more. May we all strive to live as he did!