---
title: "Changing my belief"
date: 1996-05-14
location: MTC
template: post
---

The reason I didn't write much yesterday was because Elder G and I had a disagreement about whether God knows everything, meaning if He knows all that we will do before we've done it. It got me in such a mood as that I didn't want to do anything. That topic was on my mind during every second of the rest of last night and the better part of the morning today. Elder G asked Pres. P the question, and by the time I was able to hear the explanation from Elder G, I had pretty much come to the conclusion that he was more correct in his beliefs than I was, and that my belief had thus changed for the better in agreement with Elder G's belief and Pres. P.

Anyhow, the rest of the day perked up for me. I seemed to spend a lot of time with Elder G today. I think we came together closer in a friend way. He is a real neat, and strongly opinionated Elder.

Tonight we heard from Elder Maxwell of the Quorum of the Twelve. He and his wife gave most excellent talks. Sister Maxwell gave some really neat mottos and perked us up for missionary work. Elder Maxwell's talk was about the Book of Mormon. He focused on how it is impossible for Joseph Smith to have made up the Book of Mormon. Many great points were brought up. I'll write a few.

One continuing theme was the way a lot of the ways the Book of Mormon could be proven by logic and reasoning are (were) to sophisticated for Joseph to know about. The fact that the Book of Mormon has chiasmus, the path that Lehi and his family traveled had to be the one written of in the Book or they wouldn't have ended up at the ocean; those facts and ideas were completely unknown to Joseph Smith. He didn't even know Jerusalem had a wall around it. Another point that Elder Maxwell brought up was that the Book flowed. The manuscripts show no major corrections of importance. A few spelling errors corrected or a word corrected. Joseph Smith translated the plates in about 65 working days, doing about 8 pages a day. It took 54 men, 4 years to translate the King James version of the Bibel. All in all, the point was Joseph Smith didn't write the Book, he translated it. Elder Maxwell's main focus was the purpose of the Book of Mormon. That being a witness of Jesus Christ. He also talked about how Christ has perfect empathy. The thing that struck me most was that Christ paid for all of our sins as if he committed them.

Pres. B's talk on Testimony was good also and to put a topper on the day, we all participated in giving Sister P a blessing to help her overcome the trouble she's having. I won't write what it is because it's none of my business. That's all for tonight.

By the way, Elder R's electric shaver bugs me. The sound just drives me up the wall.