---
title: "No appointments, lots of door to door"
date: 1996-06-24
location: Halberstadt
template: post
---

The day started out slow; for missionary work, that is. It seemed like we were at home as much as we were out. We went looking for somewhere first off, oh yeah, we had an appointment on Am Sommerbad. Of course they weren't there. We left a note on the other appointment we made. Hopefully they will show up. then we came back home and wrote letters to Pres. B. We then went to the post office to mail them, and Elder C's package to the phone company. I got a few things there, envelopes so I can mail Elders F & F their pictures. I also got some envelopes so I can put the "Know Girls" shirt and maybe a tape in it. I also got a book to take notes in and some 100pfennig stamps; which was dumb, because what am I going to take notes of and because I need 300 pfennig stamps to send things home. I can still use the 100 pfennig ones though. I also bought some letter writing paper, which I'll need.

Well, after that we came home and had lunch and then went to Am Kloster Straße. On the way there we met a guy who talked with us for a while. He offered us beer. We went to do door to door on Am Kloster Straße, but there were no houses or anything there to speak of. Also on the way there we saw Brother P. On the way back to home, we got an appointment and also saw Braun Mantel Man. We still had an hour or so by the time we got home, before we had to be to Sister B's. So we did some more street contacting until it was time to go. B picked us up and stayed with us over there. Boy, it was just like the first visit; wild and crazy. When we finally started on the lesson, Schwester B would get up to yell at her kids or something every two or three minutes. We finally did it though.

After that, we were all hungry so we all got a Dönner and came back to our place to eat them. Something I didn't agree with at all (but what can I do) was that just the three of us went into the basement to eat them. We were there for quite a while, until 10:30pm. I had B read us a bed time story before we left. I hope we don't do anything like that again. It was fun and all, and nothing happened or ever will. But it's better to stay on the safe side, and never even be in those kids of places where things can happen.

    The "Know Girls" shirt was a shirt that said "Know Girls, Know Pain. No Girls, No Pain"! Hilarious! I sent it to A.