---
layout: post
title:  "Day 10. MTC"
date:   1996-04-19
categories: mtc
---
# April 19, 1996. Day 10 - MTC

Today was my first P-Day [preparation day]. It was great; only one class, that
being from 5 to 7:20pm. Today was very relaxing. I woke up at 6:00, but just
laid in bed and kind of fell back to sleep. Then Elder Sutton, our A.P.
[assistant to the president] and a great guy, came by to drop a paper off so
that woke us up.

I then got ready, all dressed up, and me and Elder Richmond went to breakfast
while our clothes were washing. After breakfast we stayed in the laundry room
while our clothes finished. I was able to write a page of writ home, front and
back, while at the laundry room. Then we had a service project at 9:30. It was
our job today to scrub the showers. We only had to do four, the two on our floor
and the two on floor 2, and we were done by 10:30. Then at 11 we went to the
temple. Only five of the Elders went; Elders Maschke, Richmond, Kossin,
Reynolds, and myself. All of the Sisters went. It was neat, the temple was quite
different from the Mesa temple. What was also cool was that Sister Plagge's dad
has a bunch of names for their endowments to be done. So she had us do those,
and would like us to do the rest for her every time we go. After the temple we
ate lunch at the temple cafeteria, the other Elders met us there, and then came
back to our room. I was able to finish up the letter to the family and write a
little something to Charity on the back of her hangman game she sent me. I got
that today, by the way, and that just made my day. Then we had lunch till 5 and
class till 7:20 and then gym until 8:20.

Now hopefully I'll get to read my scriptures undisturbed. But I doubt it. I'd
also like to study. Good luck to me.
