---
layout: post
title:  "Day 4. MTC"
date:   1996-04-13
categories: mtc
---

Now I know for sure why I'm here. Today was the awsomest day so far, of even my
life. This morning we had a Large Group Meeting. Bruder Graham, he is the
language planner or something like that, gave a program. It was awesome. Bruder
Graham showed a video about Christ's life. It was taken from a lot of other
Church movies and combined into one spiritual one. The Spirit was so strong. I
know now what the Spirit felt like all the past times. I mean, I didn't really
know what the Spirit felt like until huete [today]. The movie made me realize
just how much Jesus Christ did fur mich [for me]. The film showed the life of
Christ, just like in lots of church films, but at the end of this one it showed
when Christ was resurrected and came to talk with the people of Jerusalem. It
showed a lot of Him healing sick and afflicted people. Then it faded out into a
Bibel [Bible], then it faded into das Buch Mormon [the Book of Mormon]. Then it
showed Christ's visit among the Lamanites of America. During this der Geist [the
Spirit] was so strong. It bore witness to me that Christ really, truly was on
the earth. And if Christ fore really was, then everything else I believed in is
true, too. I had thought that I had a knowledge of the truthfulness of our
religion; das Buch Mormon, the Joseph Smith story, and everything, but after our
LGM I know now for a surety. Lunch today was fun. Elder Virgin ate a concoction
of a lot of stuff. He got $15 for it too. Our whole district had tons of fun
this day. Also it snowed.
