---
layout: post
title: "Day 10 - MTC"
date: 1996-20-04
category: mtc
---
# 1996-20-04. Day 10 - MTC

Well, Today was another snowy day. Unfortunately it was too warm for the snow to stick anywhere. That makes about twice this week that it has snowed. I wanted to get a picture the first time, but there was no time to do it, and today the snow didn't stick well at all.

Today was a terrible day. My companion started to get on my nerves a little. Every time I say something he disagrees with, even if I'm right. I feel like that he thinks he's better than me. Like every time I say what time it is he looks at his watch, which is 40 seconds or so slower than mine, and says his time like it's right and mine is wrong. It's just Satan, though, trying to stir up contention and make me hate this place. I won't let it happen though. I'll change my attitude and won't let the little things bug me.

Also today, Elder Reynolds had a talk with me, telling me that I'm really annoying. He said that I make annoying faces in class and act childish. I have mixed feelings concerning this. For one, I know I can get annoying and childish. I'm going to work on that and act more mature. On the other hand I have no idea what he means by annoying faces. And I don't think he or the rest of the guys have any right calling me childish and annoying because they're 20 times worse. Oh well. Elder Reynolds also said that he thought I looked down on them because I follow all the rules and they don't. That is not true, and I told him so. I will do what's right and obey ALL the rules, and they can do whatever they want. They wouldn't listen to anything I tell them anyway. I'll try real hard to quit being annoying, but I'll stand stiff as a board and not bend to peer pressure to break mission rules. I think the reason I do things others find annoying is to be accepted. I feel like I'm acting the same way they are, but I guess not. I feel like I'm not really accepted in my district at all. Like I'm just tolerated. I'm used to being the funny guy, but now I'm not. I guess it's time for me to grow up and be the straight guy. I won't stoop to their kind of humor any more, because frankly it offends me. But I don't blame or hate or condone anyone but myself. I change myself to be the best that I can, and I'll be righteous, and humble, and meek. I'll just be a better me.
