---
layout: post
title: "Day 13 - MTC"
date: 1996-04-22
category: mtc
---
# 1996-04-22. Day 13 - MTC

Heute war gut [today was good]. Today went pretty plain. Nothing too exciting happened today. I got two packages from home. A bit one, that had a flannel and a shirt and my lost sock. The second, smaller package had only three candy bars. The only reason there was two packages was because Mom forgot to put the candy bars in with the big one. I think she sent them at different times, but the post office here is messed up so I got them both today. Elder O. doesn't have to leave now. His probation was over before he came. But at least now he'll be able to focus on the work and be a great missionary. Today we had an LGM. The speaker was the same as last, he's awesome. We learned today how to be affective missionaries, as we do everyday. Today focused on applying our knowledge or something like that. The speaker was actually able to show how missionary work and the Karate Kid were the same. Danielson did stuff without knowing the reason, and so do we. He later understood why he "waxed on and off" etc., and we'll learn later why we do stuff.

I forgot to write last night about our BoM [Book of Mormon] class after the discussion. It really enlightened me of the importance and power that the BoM can have on people. The speaker told of the Brazil mission that went from 100 baptisms a month to 700 a month only because they immersed themselves in the BoM. They were required to read at least 1 hour themselves and 1/2 hour with their companion and 15 minutes every time they met with a gator [investigator] or member. I would like to try that out. I just need to find a quiet place to do so. Good luck to me!
